>> Brian Holt: Yeah, let's just go
ahead and finish the other two.
They're the two routes on app.js.
So get rid of Search and Details up here.
We don't need those anymore.
And we must remove those otherwise webpack
isn't included in the initial bundle and
we don't wanna do that.
>> Brian Holt: And
all we're gonna do here.
>> Brian Holt: This is already that so
we're just gonna change
this to br AsyncRoute.
We're gonna do AsyncRoute props=,
>> Brian Holt: Object.assign,
>> Brian Holt: shows: preload.shows,
props.
So we wanna pass everything
that we got from here, but
we also want to include our shows.
That's what that object assigned is for,
and
then we're gonna do a loadingPromise,
which is going
to be System.import,
>> Brian Holt: ./,
>> Brian Holt: Details?
No, Search.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So I mean at this
point this is getting kinda crazy.
>> Brian Holt: So you might break
this on the multiple lines.
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Brian Holt: Up to you.
It's kinda weird spacing,
you could fix that however you want to.
So let's go make sure that,
that still works.
>> Brian Holt: What is that?
Unexpected space between function name and
paren.
>> Brian Holt: Right there.
Are you happy, Linter?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And then here,
we're gonna do something relatively
similar instead of
returning details though.
We're going to return
AsyncRoute props=Object.assign,
show: show0,
>> Brian Holt: props.
>> Brian Holt: And
loadingPromise=System.import./Details.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So app.js,
we don't need BrowserRouter anymore.
And here,
>> Brian Holt: 30 and 31.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, this should be shows.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Now, let's.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now we have three different bundles.
We have bundle.js, which is the big one.
We have 2.bundle.js, we have 1.bundle.js,
and we have 0.bundle.js,
right, which is one bundle for each route.
So if we go to the homepage, you need to
go to 50/50 now cuz I've changed back.
[COUGH] We're gonna get bundle.js,
we're gonna get 2.bundle.js,
we're gonna go to Browse All,
we get 0.bundle.js and
then we go to details and
we get 1.bundle.js.
>> Brian Holt: If we refresh the page, we
only get bundle.js and just 1.bundle.js.
>> Brian Holt: Hoo,
any questions about that?
It's a roller coaster.
So there's some complexity in splitting
up your bundles into different pieces.
But with it's not terrible.
The one gotcha, I'm gonna point out
to people that they don't realize.
This must be a string that
you pass to System.import for
webpack to be able to recognize this is a.
So I can't even say var x or
var pathName = ./Landing.
And say pathName right here.
This doesn't work.
And the reason is the way that webpack
does this is via static analysis.
It's not actually executing your code,
all it's doing is saying, okay,
I see a System.import with a string here,
I'm gonna pull this out.
So, static analyzes, you can't make that
dynamic in any nature, it must be static.
>> Brian Holt: Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Any other questions
about specifically code splitting?
>> Speaker 2: Can you scroll
down just a little bit more?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, we could break
this up into multiple lines, too.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah, notice that
we're doing server-side rendering.
This still works fine.
I can turn this off.
I can do it without server-side rendering.
[COUGH] It makes no difference to react or
webpack for that matter.